Wendy Kwan
Fabian Lema 
Brian Ly
CSE135 Assignment #1
Group 10


CSE135 Group 10 Assumptions

"Signup" Page	
1)	We assumed that the "signup" page for new users is equivalent to the "login" for returning users. That is, once a new user has signed up, he/she is no longer required to log in again. The new user will automatically be redirect to the categories page if he/she declared to be an owner, or to a products page if he/she said customer. 
2)	We assumed that the “signup confirmation” page after a successful signup is allowed to redirect the user to his corresponding page according to his/her role. In other words, after a successful signup, a customer will be redirected to his/her categories page, while an owner will be redirected to the product page. 
3)	We assumed that age is a positive integer.


"Login" Page
1)	(Like mentioned above), we assumed that an user does not need to “login” if he/she is new and has gained access to the application through the “signup” page. 


"Categories" Page
1)	We assumed that as long as the user is an owner, he/she are able to update, insert, and delete all categories (as long as there are no products within that category).
2)	We assumed that the “text box” for product name is equivalent to “small text area” for the product description.
3)	We assumed that if a customer tries to access the categories page manually by URL, he/she will just automatically be redirected to the products page, instead.
4)	We assumed that only owners can access the "categories" page - customers will be redirected to the product browsing page.


"Products" Page
1)	We assumed that the price would be BigDecimal. 
2)	We assumed that the SKU would be a positive integer.
3)	We assumed that only owners can access the "products" page - customers will be redirected to the product browsing page.
4)      We assumed that if a customer has added a product in his/her cart, and an owner tries to remove it from the product page, the owner would not be able to via a message displayed on the page.


"Products Browsing" Page
1)	We assumed that only customers can access the "product browsing" page - owners will be redirected to the categories page.


"Product Order" Page
1)	We assumed that the user is already logged in – if not, the page will tell them to first login before continuing. 
2)	We assumed that the user does not have 2 concurrent browser sessions happening at once.
3)	We assumed that the quantity of items wished to be added to cart is a positive integer. 
4) 	We assumed that only customers can access the "product browsing" page - owner will be redirected to the categories page.


"Buy Shopping Cart" Page / “Confirmation” Page
1)	We assumed that we do not need to show the “emptied” cart
2) 	We assumed that only customers can access the "product browsing" page - owner will be redirected to the categories page.
